README.md, before:

# Chrome Epic UserWeb Search Extension

Do you want to directly search Epic's galaxy without having to wait for the galaxy screen to load?  This extension allows you to do exactly that.  Simply type 'uw' followed by a space and your search term in Chrome's Omnibox and your query will be sent directly to galaxy.  Need to search Sherlock?  Simply type 'uw sherlock' followed by a space and your search term in the Omnibox and your query will go to Sherlock. 

## Getting Started

Head over to the [Chrome Webstore](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/epic-userweb-search/ginlmldponabcjidalfoboonnmloeolj) to add me to Chrome 

## Running the tests

I'm afraid I didn't write any TDD tests for this project.  I welcome your pull requests.

## Built With

* [Azure DevOps](https://dev.azure.com/MarkIannucciGitHub/Chrome%20UserWeb%20Search%20Extension)

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/MarkIannucci/ChromeUserWebSearchExtension/tags). 

## Authors

* **Mark Iannucci** - *Initial work* 

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/MarkIannucci/ChromeUserWebSearchExtension/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## Tip Jar

If you'd like to show your love to this extension, you may do so by contributing to [Safehouse Denver](https://safehouse-denver.org/get-involved/donate.html)

Commit message:

Update README.md to include links to the Firefox extension. Initial commit of deployment script to deploy to Firefox Add On store

README.md, after:

# Epic UserWeb Search Extension

Do you want to directly search Epic's galaxy without having to wait for the galaxy screen to load?  This extension allows you to do exactly that.  Simply type 'uw' followed by a space and your search term in Chrome's Omnibox or Firefox's address bar and your query will be sent directly to galaxy.  Need to search Sherlock?  Simply type 'uw sherlock' followed by a space and your search term in the Omnibox and your query will go to Sherlock. 

## Getting Started

Head over to the [Chrome Webstore](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/epic-userweb-search/ginlmldponabcjidalfoboonnmloeolj) to add me to Chrome.
Or [Firefox Add-Ons](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/epic-userweb-search/) to add me to Firefox.

## Running the tests

I'm afraid I didn't write any TDD tests for this project.  I welcome your pull requests.

## Built With
[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/MarkIannucciGitHub/Chrome%20UserWeb%20Search%20Extension/_apis/build/status/MarkIannucci.ChromeUserWebSearchExtension?branchName=master)](https://dev.azure.com/MarkIannucciGitHub/Chrome%20UserWeb%20Search%20Extension/_build/latest?definitionId=1?branchName=master)

* [Azure DevOps](https://dev.azure.com/MarkIannucciGitHub/Chrome%20UserWeb%20Search%20Extension)

## Contributing

Please read [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for details on our code of conduct, and the process for submitting pull requests to us.

## Versioning

We use [SemVer](http://semver.org/) for versioning. For the versions available, see the [tags on this repository](https://github.com/MarkIannucci/ChromeUserWebSearchExtension/tags). 

## Authors

* **Mark Iannucci** - *Initial work* 

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/MarkIannucci/ChromeUserWebSearchExtension/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details

## Tip Jar

If you'd like to show your love to this extension, you may do so by contributing to [Safehouse Denver](https://safehouse-denver.org/get-involved/donate.html)
